# Wiper Control System
A wiper speed control system regulates the operating speed of a wiper in accordance with the amount of rain falling on the windshield. This is a very much essential component in each automobile as it avoids the risk of accidents during rainy conditions. Water, snow, dust, and road spray are all removed from a vehicle's windscreen by the windshield wipers. The early windshield wipers were manually operated by moving a lever located inside the vehicle's interior. Many wiper systems in cars today are controlled by a rain sensor, which measures the speed at which raindrops hit the windshield and activates the wipers. The inputs from the sensor are evaluated by a microprocessor, which then calculates the speed at which the wipers should travel.
# Existing Wiper Control System
Wiper control system has separate on/off buttons for control. Generally, in case of automobiles there are 2 wipers, each of it performing synchronized action with respect to one another. The are functions for washing and heating.The intervals for speed can be varied with the help of + and - buttons. The washing functions includes the spraying action followed by wiping and purging. Even though the wiper is put off during the middle of its operation, it completes it cycle by travelling back to the home position.
# STM32 Cube based Wiper Control System
Our objective is to build a Wiper Control system using STM32 which is a 32-bit microcontroller IC.The wiper operation can be carried out with basic modes like On, speed change and Off. As STM32 contains only 1 push button, the same button is utilized for all operations. The discovery board contains 4 LEDs

- The RED LED is considered for the ACC position. Once the push button is pressed for 2 seconds, the RED LED keeps continuously glowing until the stop of the engine signifying the engine condition to be turned ON.
- On press of the user input push button, the other three Blue, Green and Orange LEDs come ON one at a time with the set frequency. The frequency changes on every alternate key press, 3 frequency levels with 1, 4 and 8 Hz.
- The LED glow pattern stops on the 4th press; the wiper action starts with the next press.
- If the push button is pressed for 2 seconds continuously, the RED light goes off and the pattern stops bringing it to default position which signifies the engine is turned OFF.
